Knowledge check
Completed
200 XP
4 minutes

1. How do you include a new file to your Git index? 

Using the 'git include' command

Using the 'git add' command
Correct! Git add will add whatever file you tell it to your git index.


Using the 'git commit' command
2. What does the -m tag do to your commit? 

The -m tag isn't a valid tag in git

The tag modifies your commit if you forgot to add something

This tag allows you to add a message to your commit
Correct! Make sure to keep your commit messages short and readable

3. Which of these is a good example of a commit message? 

Add feature to alert admin for new user registration...
Correct! A good rule of thumb is to keep your git commit messages under 50 words and make sure they are descriptive to other developers.


added new feature

Add name, age, height, weight, and salary labels with corresponding text boxes and more over a Submit Button to the webpage to ensure the user is clear on what is being added...
Incorrect. This commit, while being quite descriptive of the work done, adds a lot of information that might be too much.

4. What is a way to fix one of your past commits without needing to make a new commit? 

Deleting the file and creating a new one in its place with the correct changes.

Utilizing the Git 'amend' tag
Correct! Using amend means that you're changing what was put in the initial commit!


Revert the commit and make a new one
5. How do you choose between Git reset and Git checkout to recover a lost file? 

Git checkout can recover a file you might have accidentally deleted. Git Reset, will recover a file you deleted using the 'git rm' command
Correct! Git checkout updates your file with the one present in the git index, while git reset unstages files deleted.


Always use git checkout because it is the safer option

Create a new file with the same name and use Git reset
6. When should you avoid changing a past commit? 

Avoid amending commits that other developers have based their work on
Correct! When you amend a commit the past commit before it is gone and replaced by your amended commit.


When you want to add a new file to your commit

When you want to change the not most recent commit.
Next unit: Summary
